Plugin repositories are almost identical to a dependency
repository, they just deal with plugins.
We haven't covered plugins very much yet in this course,
and that's actually the next module, but us far as where we go to look for them,
it's in a plugin repository.
We'll only look for plugins usually in a separate repository.
It doesn't have to be that way, it's just more of a code cleanliness
thing. They are defined very similar to repositories,
except that we have a different XML element that's
the pluginRepositories element.
As you can see here,
it's instead of just a plain Repositories element. The same rules apply that
we can have snapshots here, we can have releases here.
In this particular example, we did it for a fake corporation,
kind of like our own internal corporation.
Sometimes people will build their own plugins for things like
versioning or how they handle releases or things like that, and put them in an internal corporate repository.